Reference(s):
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUHFg8CZFws&t=1331s

SQL : 
    - Relational data (Tables)
    - Fixed Schema, structure must be defined before adding data
    - Scale Vertically (adding CPU/RAM to the db server)
    - ACID compliant
        - Atomicity : transaction either succeed or fail completely, no partial
        - Consistency : db maintain in a valid state (meaning follows all predefined rules, constraints, relationships)
                        like Primary/Foreign key(where reference key in other table need to exist), etc.
        - Isolation : transaction run independently without affecting each other. changes made only when they commit
                        prevent dirty read (read uncommit data), non-repeatable read (data change between reads), phantom read (new row appear during transition)
        - Durability : once transaction is commited, changes is permanently safe, able to recover last commited state without losing data.
    - SQL query language

    Performance improvement
        Indexing using Primary key or Unique key helps improve query/read speed

        Denormalization to remove join operation of multiple tables.
    
    Sharding / Horizontal Partitioning
        When you have multiple db machines/server, and data is split between them. (each shard stores subset of all data)

    Cluster Proxy Service
        This proxy service will know all information about all the shards. That way your service does not need to know anything about the shards.
        It acts as the middle man between your service and the shards. When you service need to process or query data, it will talk to this cluster proxy.

    Configuration Service
        Maintains health checks connection to all shards.
        It knows how manay/what database machines is available, if there is new ones, etc. (Like your CellConfig)

    Shard Proxy
        It does a lot, cache query results, monitor database health, publish metrics, timeout query that takes too long.
    
    Primary Replica / Master Shard
        This is the original/main shard
        Write always go to master shard, then copy to its read replica (could be syncrhonous or asynchronous)

    Read Replica / Follower
        This is a copy of the primary replica. (a replica)
        Useful for read operation (query)
        Typically in a different datacenters from its master shard to ensure availability

    Common Usage : 
        Commonly used for data that is structured and needed high consistency and durability
        such as Bank System

    Common Infrastructure : 
        PostgreSQL
        MySQL
        
